readme.md, before:

# Weewx Weather Data Center skin

- [Weewx Weather Data Center skin](#weewx-weather-data-center-skin)
  - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [<a href="https://www.weewx-hbt.de" rel="nofollow">Demo</a>](#demo)
  - [Screenshots](#screenshots)
    - [Stat tiles](#stat-tiles)
    - [Diagram Tiles](#diagram-tiles)
    - [Table Tile](#table-tile)
    - [Climatological days](#climatological-days)
    - [Avg Temperature Calendar](#avg-temperature-calendar)
    - [Forecast &amp; Radar](#forecast--radar)
    - [Full Page](#full-page)
  - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Installation](#installation)
    - [Configuration](#configuration)
      - [Extras](#extras)
      - [DisplayOptions](#displayoptions)
    - [Support for weewx-forecast](#support-for-weewx-forecast)
    - [Localization](#localization)
  - [Development](#development)
    - [Scripts](#scripts)
      - [yarn run dev](#yarn-run-dev)
      - [yarn run build](#yarn-run-build)
      - [yarn run deploy:local](#yarn-run-deploylocal)
      - [yarn run serve:local](#yarn-run-servelocal)
    - [Ideas for further development](#ideas-for-further-development)
  - [Free Software](#free-software)
  - [Credits](#credits)

Inspired by and build with the [Carbon Design System](https://carbondesignsystem.com/). This skin uses the same technologies as [Weather Data Center](https://github.com/Daveiano/weather-data-center), a cross-platform Desktop App to import and analyze weather data, I wrote.

If you need help installing the skin, please have a look at https://github.com/Daveiano/weewx-interceptor-docker, a configured Dockerfile
which I use as a base for my local PI installation.

If you like the look and feel of the skin please consider having a look into the original [Weather Data Center](https://daveiano.github.io/weather-data-center/)

## Key Features

- Clear and beautiful UI thanks to [IBM Carbon](https://carbondesignsystem.com/) and [nivo](https://nivo.rocks/)
- Configurable Statistic Tiles and Diagram tiles
- Combinable diagrams via skin.conf
- Responsive
- Day, week, month, year and all-time pages
- Archive and NOAA Reports
- Almanac
- Translated for DE and EN
- Tabular representation with Carbon Data Tables
- Climatological days
- Calendar charts for rain days and average day temperature
- Support for [weewx-forecast](https://github.com/chaunceygardiner/weewx-forecast)

## [Demo](https://www.weewx-hbt.de)

## Screenshots

### Stat tiles

![Screenshot](https://public-images-social.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/weewx-wdc-stat-tiles.png)

### Diagram Tiles

![Screenshot](https://public-images-social.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/weewx-wdc-diagram-tiles.png)

### Table Tile

![Screenshot](https://public-images-social.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/wewx-wdc-table-tile.png)

### Climatological days

![Screenshot](https://public-images-social.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/weewx-wdc-climatological-days.png)

### Avg Temperature Calendar

![Screenshot](https://public-images-social.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/weewx-wdc-avg-tmp-calendar.png)

### Forecast & Radar

![Screenshot](https://public-images-social.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/weewx-wdc-radar-forecast.png)

### Full Page

![Screenshot](https://public-images-social.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/weewx-wdc-01.png)

## Usage

### Installation

**Please note:** For installation, please use the generated zip archive from a release, eg. https://github.com/Daveiano/weewx-wdc/releases/download/v1.2.0/weewx-wdc-v1.2.0.zip.
Don't download the repository directly and don't use the GitHub generated zip and tar.gz archives that come alongside the release. Always use the zip archive named **weewx-wdc-vX.X.X.zip**

Background: The files in the src/ directory are the source files (TypeScript, SCSS). When creating a release, these source files get transformed and optimized, and the output location of these transformed files is the location which matches the location in the install.py script. The weewx-wdc-vX.X.X.zip should contain all these transformed files (like service-worker.js), but if you download the current state of the repo, these files are not included and this will throw multiple `FileNotFoundError` errors while installing.

1. [Download](https://github.com/Daveiano/weewx-wdc/releases) the latest version
2. Create a new folder and unzip to that folder
3. Install the extension: wee_extension --install=path/to/weewx-wdc
4. Restart weewx: weewx restart

For help, please have a look at the [official weewx documentation](https://weewx.com/docs/utilities.htm#wee_extension_utility).

### Configuration

The default skin.conf looks like this:

```
# configuration file for the weewx-wdc skin
SKIN_NAME = Weather Data Center
SKIN_VERSION = 1.0.0-beta2

[Extras]
    # Show a link to the GitHub respository of this skin. Set to False to hide.
    github_link = True

    # This radar image would be available as $Extras.radar_img
    radar_img = https://www.dwd.de/DWD/wetter/radar/radfilm_sac_akt.gif
    # This URL will be used as the image hyperlink:
    radar_url =	https://www.dwd.de/DE/leistungen/radarbild_film/radarbild_film.html

    [[forecast_table_settings]]
        source = WU
        num_periods = 72
        num_days = 5
        show_legend = 1
        show_hourly = 0
        show_day = 1
        show_date = 1
        show_outlook = 1
        show_temp = 1
        show_dewpoint = 0
        show_humidity = 0
        show_wind = 1
        show_tides = 0
        show_sun = 1
        show_moon = 1
        show_pop = 1
        show_precip = 1
        show_obvis = 0

[DisplayOptions]
    climatological_days = rainDays, summerDays, hotDays, desertDays, tropicalNights, stormDays, iceDays, frostDays
    table_tile_observations = outTemp, outHumidity, barometer, windSpeed, windGust, windDir, rain, rainRate, snowDepth, dewpoint, windchill, heatindex, UV, ET, radiation, appTemp, cloudbase, extraTemp1, extraHumid1, extraTemp2, extraHumid2, extraTemp3, extraHumid3, extraTemp4, extraHumid4, extraTemp5, extraHumid5, extraTemp6, extraHumid6, extraTemp7, extraHumid7, extraTemp8, extraHumid8
    stat_tile_observations = outTemp, outHumidity, barometer, windSpeed, windGust, windDir, rain, rainRate, snowDepth, dewpoint, windchill, heatindex, UV, ET, radiation, appTemp, cloudbase, extraTemp1, extraHumid1, extraTemp2, extraHumid2, extraTemp3, extraHumid3, extraTemp4, extraHumid4, extraTemp5, extraHumid5, extraTemp6, extraHumid6, extraTemp7, extraHumid7, extraTemp8, extraHumid8
    diagram_tile_observations = tempdew, outHumidity, barometer, windchill_heatindex, wind, windDir, rain, rainRate, snowDepth, UV, ET, radiation, cloudbase, appTemp
    [[diagram_tile_combined_obervations]]
        [[[tempdew]]]
            label = 'Temperature / Dewpoint'
            [[[[obs]]]]
                [[[[[outTemp]]]]]
                [[[[[dewpoint]]]]]

        [[[windchill_heatindex]]]
            label = 'Windchill / Heatindex'
            [[[[obs]]]]
                [[[[[windchill]]]]]
                    color = '#0099CC'
                [[[[[heatindex]]]]]
                    color = '#610000'

        [[[wind]]]
            label = 'Wind speed / Gust speed'
            [[[[obs]]]]
                [[[[[windSpeed]]]]]
                [[[[[windGust]]]]]

[CheetahGenerator]
    encoding = html_entities
    search_list_extensions = user.general_util.GeneralUtil, user.stats_util.StatsUtil, user.diagram_util.DiagramUtil, user.celestial_util.CelestialUtil, user.archive_util.ArchiveUtil, user.table_util.TableUtil

    [[SummaryByMonth]]
        # Reports that summarize "by month"
        [[[NOAA_month]]]
            encoding = normalized_ascii
            template = NOAA/NOAA-%Y-%m.txt.tmpl
        [[[summary_month]]]
            template = month-%Y-%m.html.tmpl

    [[SummaryByYear]]
        # Reports that summarize "by year"
        [[[NOAA_year]]]
            encoding = normalized_ascii
            template = NOAA/NOAA-%Y.txt.tmpl
        [[[summary_year]]]
            template = year-%Y.html.tmpl

    # Reports that show statistics "to date", such as day-to-date,
    # week-to-date, month-to-date, etc.
    [[ToDate]]
        [[[day]]]
            template = index.html.tmpl

        [[[week]]]
            template = week.html.tmpl

        [[[month]]]
            template = month.html.tmpl

        [[[year]]]
            template = year.html.tmpl

        [[[statistics]]]
            template = statistics.html.tmpl

        [[[celestial]]]
            template = celestial.html.tmpl

[CopyGenerator]
    copy_once = dist/js/index.js, dist/scss/index.css, favicon.ico
    # copy_always =

[Generators]
    generator_list = weewx.cheetahgenerator.CheetahGenerator, weewx.reportengine.CopyGenerator
```

#### Extras

`github_link` Set to `False` to disable.

`radar_img` and `radar_url` Same as in the default Seasons Skin

#### DisplayOptions

`climatological_days` E.g. Rain days (days with precipitation) or Summer days (Temp > 25°C). Leave empty to disable. When activated a rain days calendar chart and an averge temperature calendar chart is shown alongside.

`table_tile_observations` Defines which observations should be shown in the data table component.

`stat_tile_observations` Define which observations should be shown in the stat tiles (at the top of each page).

`diagram_tile_observations` Define which observations to show as diagrams. This can include definitions for combined diagrams. Combined diagrams (like Temperature and Dew point or Windchill and Heat index) need to be defined in the `[[diagram_tile_combined_obervations]]` section like this:

For a combined diagram of Temperature and Dew point:

```
[[[tempdew]]]                           # 1
    label = 'Temperature / Dewpoint'    # 2
    [[[[obs]]]]                         # 3
        [[[[[outTemp]]]]]
        [[[[[dewpoint]]]]]
            color = '#610000'           # 4
```

`# 1` Name of the combined diagram, needs to be the same as used in `diagram_tile_observations`.

`# 2` Label of the diagram.

`# 3` Under the key `obs` specify the observations to combine.

`# 4` Optionally define a color.

### Support for weewx-forecast

Add `user.forecast.ForecastVariables` to `[CheetahGenerator].search_list_extensions` in weewx-wdc skin.conf.

It should look like this

```
...
[CheetahGenerator]
    encoding = html_entities
    search_list_extensions = user.general_util.GeneralUtil, user.stats_util.StatsUtil, user.diagram_util.DiagramUtil, user.celestial_util.CelestialUtil, user.archive_util.ArchiveUtil, user.table_util.TableUtil, user.forecast_util.ForecastUtil, user.forecast.ForecastVariables
...
```

weewx-wdc includes predefined and tested configuration values for the forecast table template, located in skin.conf in `forecast_table_settings`.
Please set `source` to your used forecast source. For help on configuring weewx-forecast, see https://github.com/chaunceygardiner/weewx-forecast.

`show_hourly` is not yet supported.

### Localization

The skin currently has an english and a german translation, you can change the language in weewx.conf:

```
[[WdcReport]]
    skin = weewx-wdc
    enable = true
    lang = de
```

## Development

The skin uses the Cheetah templating engine provided by weewx in combination with carbon web components
and a react entry point to render the diagrams written in TypeScript via nivo. Bundling for Typescript and SCSS is done via parcel.

### Scripts

#### `yarn run dev`

Starts parcel in watch mode

#### `yarn run build`

Builds the assets

#### `yarn run deploy:local`

Only works if weewx is installed via package, see https://weewx.com/docs/setup.htm.
Copies all skin files in the corresponding weewx installation folders, restarts weewx and triggers a new generation of files via wee_reports:

`sudo cp -R ./skins/weewx-wdc /etc/weewx/skins && sudo cp -r ./bin/user/. /usr/share/weewx/user/ && sudo systemctl restart weewx && sudo /usr/share/weewx/wee_reports`

#### `yarn run serve:local`

Only works if weewx is installed via package, see https://weewx.com/docs/setup.htm.
Starts a nginx docker container to serve the generated files.

`docker run -it --rm -d -p 8080:80 --name web -v /var/www/html/weewx:/usr/share/nginx/html nginx`

### Ideas for further development

- Add Climatological stat tiles (for the archive?) for eg. Rain Days, Hot days, Tropical Nights, etc.
- Add Temperature, Rain pages like in WDC

## Free Software

This skin uses only free software. You can read more about [Carbon IBM](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon) (licensed under the Apache-2.0 license) here: https://carbondesignsystem.com/contributing/overview/#introduction. [nivo](https://github.com/plouc/nivo) is licensed under the MIT license.

## Credits

Thanks to [ngulden](https://github.com/ngulden) for the [niculskin](https://github.com/ngulden/niculskin) and
[neoground](https://github.com/neoground) for the [neowx-material skin](https://github.com/neoground/neowx-material). Both are amazing skins and gave me a basic understanding of creating a weewx skin.

The config, NOAA Reports and some templating ideas and concepts are based on the orignal Standard and Seasons
weewx skins by Tom Keffer and the weewx contributors.

Commit message:

Added stale_age for month and year tamplates. More easy deactivation of tables. [GH-14]

readme.md, after:

# Weewx Weather Data Center skin

- [Weewx Weather Data Center skin](#weewx-weather-data-center-skin)
  - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [<a href="https://www.weewx-hbt.de" rel="nofollow">Demo</a>](#demo)
  - [Screenshots](#screenshots)
    - [Stat tiles](#stat-tiles)
    - [Diagram Tiles](#diagram-tiles)
    - [Table Tile](#table-tile)
    - [Climatological days](#climatological-days)
    - [Avg Temperature Calendar](#avg-temperature-calendar)
    - [Forecast &amp; Radar](#forecast--radar)
    - [Full Page](#full-page)
  - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Installation](#installation)
    - [Configuration](#configuration)
      - [Extras](#extras)
      - [DisplayOptions](#displayoptions)
    - [Support for weewx-forecast](#support-for-weewx-forecast)
    - [Localization](#localization)
  - [Development](#development)
    - [Scripts](#scripts)
      - [yarn run dev](#yarn-run-dev)
      - [yarn run build](#yarn-run-build)
      - [yarn run deploy:local](#yarn-run-deploylocal)
      - [yarn run serve:local](#yarn-run-servelocal)
    - [Ideas for further development](#ideas-for-further-development)
  - [Free Software](#free-software)
  - [Credits](#credits)

Inspired by and build with the [Carbon Design System](https://carbondesignsystem.com/). This skin uses the same technologies as [Weather Data Center](https://github.com/Daveiano/weather-data-center), a cross-platform Desktop App to import and analyze weather data, I wrote.

If you need help installing the skin, please have a look at https://github.com/Daveiano/weewx-interceptor-docker, a configured Dockerfile
which I use as a base for my local PI installation.

If you like the look and feel of the skin please consider having a look into the original [Weather Data Center](https://daveiano.github.io/weather-data-center/)

## Key Features

- Clear and beautiful UI thanks to [IBM Carbon](https://carbondesignsystem.com/) and [nivo](https://nivo.rocks/)
- Configurable Statistic Tiles and Diagram tiles
- Combinable diagrams via skin.conf
- Responsive
- Day, week, month, year and all-time pages
- Archive and NOAA Reports
- Almanac
- Translated for DE and EN
- Tabular representation with Carbon Data Tables
- Climatological days
- Calendar charts for rain days and average day temperature
- Support for [weewx-forecast](https://github.com/chaunceygardiner/weewx-forecast)

## [Demo](https://www.weewx-hbt.de)

## Screenshots

### Stat tiles

![Screenshot](https://public-images-social.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/weewx-wdc-stat-tiles.png)

### Diagram Tiles

![Screenshot](https://public-images-social.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/weewx-wdc-diagram-tiles.png)

### Table Tile

![Screenshot](https://public-images-social.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/wewx-wdc-table-tile.png)

### Climatological days

![Screenshot](https://public-images-social.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/weewx-wdc-climatological-days.png)

### Avg Temperature Calendar

![Screenshot](https://public-images-social.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/weewx-wdc-avg-tmp-calendar.png)

### Forecast & Radar

![Screenshot](https://public-images-social.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/weewx-wdc-radar-forecast.png)

### Full Page

![Screenshot](https://public-images-social.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/weewx-wdc-01.png)

## Usage

### Installation

**Requires weewx >= 4.5**

**Please note:** For installation, please use the generated zip archive from a release, eg. https://github.com/Daveiano/weewx-wdc/releases/download/v1.2.0/weewx-wdc-v1.2.0.zip.
Don't download the repository directly and don't use the GitHub generated zip and tar.gz archives that come alongside the release. Always use the zip archive named **weewx-wdc-vX.X.X.zip**

Background: The files in the src/ directory are the source files (TypeScript, SCSS). When creating a release, these source files get transformed and optimized, and the output location of these transformed files is the location which matches the location in the install.py script. The weewx-wdc-vX.X.X.zip should contain all these transformed files (like service-worker.js), but if you download the current state of the repo, these files are not included and this will throw multiple `FileNotFoundError` errors while installing.

1. [Download](https://github.com/Daveiano/weewx-wdc/releases) the latest version
2. Create a new folder and unzip to that folder
3. Install the extension: wee_extension --install=path/to/weewx-wdc
4. Restart weewx: weewx restart

For help, please have a look at the [official weewx documentation](https://weewx.com/docs/utilities.htm#wee_extension_utility).

### Configuration

The default skin.conf looks like this:

```
# configuration file for the weewx-wdc skin
SKIN_NAME = Weather Data Center
SKIN_VERSION = 1.0.0-beta2

[Extras]
    # Show a link to the GitHub respository of this skin. Set to False to hide.
    github_link = True

    # This radar image would be available as $Extras.radar_img
    radar_img = https://www.dwd.de/DWD/wetter/radar/radfilm_sac_akt.gif
    # This URL will be used as the image hyperlink:
    radar_url =	https://www.dwd.de/DE/leistungen/radarbild_film/radarbild_film.html

    [[forecast_table_settings]]
        source = WU
        num_periods = 72
        num_days = 5
        show_legend = 1
        show_hourly = 0
        show_day = 1
        show_date = 1
        show_outlook = 1
        show_temp = 1
        show_dewpoint = 0
        show_humidity = 0
        show_wind = 1
        show_tides = 0
        show_sun = 1
        show_moon = 1
        show_pop = 1
        show_precip = 1
        show_obvis = 0

[DisplayOptions]
    climatological_days = rainDays, summerDays, hotDays, desertDays, tropicalNights, stormDays, iceDays, frostDays
    table_tile_observations = outTemp, outHumidity, barometer, windSpeed, windGust, windDir, rain, rainRate, snowDepth, dewpoint, windchill, heatindex, UV, ET, radiation, appTemp, cloudbase, extraTemp1, extraHumid1, extraTemp2, extraHumid2, extraTemp3, extraHumid3, extraTemp4, extraHumid4, extraTemp5, extraHumid5, extraTemp6, extraHumid6, extraTemp7, extraHumid7, extraTemp8, extraHumid8
    stat_tile_observations = outTemp, outHumidity, barometer, windSpeed, windGust, windDir, rain, rainRate, snowDepth, dewpoint, windchill, heatindex, UV, ET, radiation, appTemp, cloudbase, extraTemp1, extraHumid1, extraTemp2, extraHumid2, extraTemp3, extraHumid3, extraTemp4, extraHumid4, extraTemp5, extraHumid5, extraTemp6, extraHumid6, extraTemp7, extraHumid7, extraTemp8, extraHumid8
    diagram_tile_observations = tempdew, outHumidity, barometer, windchill_heatindex, wind, windDir, rain, rainRate, snowDepth, UV, ET, radiation, cloudbase, appTemp
    [[diagram_tile_combined_obervations]]
        [[[tempdew]]]
            label = 'Temperature / Dewpoint'
            [[[[obs]]]]
                [[[[[outTemp]]]]]
                [[[[[dewpoint]]]]]

        [[[windchill_heatindex]]]
            label = 'Windchill / Heatindex'
            [[[[obs]]]]
                [[[[[windchill]]]]]
                    color = '#0099CC'
                [[[[[heatindex]]]]]
                    color = '#610000'

        [[[wind]]]
            label = 'Wind speed / Gust speed'
            [[[[obs]]]]
                [[[[[windSpeed]]]]]
                [[[[[windGust]]]]]

[CheetahGenerator]
    encoding = html_entities
    search_list_extensions = user.general_util.GeneralUtil, user.stats_util.StatsUtil, user.diagram_util.DiagramUtil, user.celestial_util.CelestialUtil, user.archive_util.ArchiveUtil, user.table_util.TableUtil

    [[SummaryByMonth]]
        # Reports that summarize "by month"
        [[[NOAA_month]]]
            encoding = normalized_ascii
            template = NOAA/NOAA-%Y-%m.txt.tmpl
        [[[summary_month]]]
            template = month-%Y-%m.html.tmpl

    [[SummaryByYear]]
        # Reports that summarize "by year"
        [[[NOAA_year]]]
            encoding = normalized_ascii
            template = NOAA/NOAA-%Y.txt.tmpl
        [[[summary_year]]]
            template = year-%Y.html.tmpl

    # Reports that show statistics "to date", such as day-to-date,
    # week-to-date, month-to-date, etc.
    [[ToDate]]
        [[[day]]]
            template = index.html.tmpl

        [[[week]]]
            template = week.html.tmpl

        [[[month]]]
            template = month.html.tmpl

        [[[year]]]
            template = year.html.tmpl

        [[[statistics]]]
            template = statistics.html.tmpl

        [[[celestial]]]
            template = celestial.html.tmpl

[CopyGenerator]
    copy_once = dist/js/index.js, dist/scss/index.css, favicon.ico
    # copy_always =

[Generators]
    generator_list = weewx.cheetahgenerator.CheetahGenerator, weewx.reportengine.CopyGenerator
```

#### Extras

`github_link` Set to `False` to disable.

`radar_img` and `radar_url` Same as in the default Seasons Skin

#### DisplayOptions

`climatological_days` E.g. Rain days (days with precipitation) or Summer days (Temp > 25°C). Leave empty to disable. When activated a rain days calendar chart and an averge temperature calendar chart is shown alongside.

`table_tile_observations` Defines which observations should be shown in the data table component.
Simply comment this out or leave empty to hide the tables at all pages:
`#table_tile_observations = outTemp, outHumidity, barometer, ...`

`stat_tile_observations` Define which observations should be shown in the stat tiles (at the top of each page).

`diagram_tile_observations` Define which observations to show as diagrams. This can include definitions for combined diagrams. Combined diagrams (like Temperature and Dew point or Windchill and Heat index) need to be defined in the `[[diagram_tile_combined_obervations]]` section like this:

For a combined diagram of Temperature and Dew point:

```
[[[tempdew]]]                           # 1
    label = 'Temperature / Dewpoint'    # 2
    [[[[obs]]]]                         # 3
        [[[[[outTemp]]]]]
        [[[[[dewpoint]]]]]
            color = '#610000'           # 4
```

`# 1` Name of the combined diagram, needs to be the same as used in `diagram_tile_observations`.

`# 2` Label of the diagram.

`# 3` Under the key `obs` specify the observations to combine.

`# 4` Optionally define a color.

### Support for weewx-forecast

Add `user.forecast.ForecastVariables` to `[CheetahGenerator].search_list_extensions` in weewx-wdc skin.conf.

It should look like this

```
...
[CheetahGenerator]
    encoding = html_entities
    search_list_extensions = user.general_util.GeneralUtil, user.stats_util.StatsUtil, user.diagram_util.DiagramUtil, user.celestial_util.CelestialUtil, user.archive_util.ArchiveUtil, user.table_util.TableUtil, user.forecast_util.ForecastUtil, user.forecast.ForecastVariables
...
```

weewx-wdc includes predefined and tested configuration values for the forecast table template, located in skin.conf in `forecast_table_settings`.
Please set `source` to your used forecast source. For help on configuring weewx-forecast, see https://github.com/chaunceygardiner/weewx-forecast.

`show_hourly` is not yet supported.

### Localization

The skin currently has an english and a german translation, you can change the language in weewx.conf:

```
[[WdcReport]]
    skin = weewx-wdc
    enable = true
    lang = de
```

## Development

The skin uses the Cheetah templating engine provided by weewx in combination with carbon web components
and a react entry point to render the diagrams written in TypeScript via nivo. Bundling for Typescript and SCSS is done via parcel.

### Scripts

#### `yarn run dev`

Starts parcel in watch mode

#### `yarn run build`

Builds the assets

#### `yarn run deploy:local`

Only works if weewx is installed via package, see https://weewx.com/docs/setup.htm.
Copies all skin files in the corresponding weewx installation folders, restarts weewx and triggers a new generation of files via wee_reports:

`sudo cp -R ./skins/weewx-wdc /etc/weewx/skins && sudo cp -r ./bin/user/. /usr/share/weewx/user/ && sudo systemctl restart weewx && sudo /usr/share/weewx/wee_reports`

#### `yarn run serve:local`

Only works if weewx is installed via package, see https://weewx.com/docs/setup.htm.
Starts a nginx docker container to serve the generated files.

`docker run -it --rm -d -p 8080:80 --name web -v /var/www/html/weewx:/usr/share/nginx/html nginx`

### Ideas for further development

- Add Climatological stat tiles (for the archive?) for eg. Rain Days, Hot days, Tropical Nights, etc.
- Add Temperature, Rain pages like in WDC

## Free Software

This skin uses only free software. You can read more about [Carbon IBM](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon) (licensed under the Apache-2.0 license) here: https://carbondesignsystem.com/contributing/overview/#introduction. [nivo](https://github.com/plouc/nivo) is licensed under the MIT license.

## Credits

Thanks to [ngulden](https://github.com/ngulden) for the [niculskin](https://github.com/ngulden/niculskin) and
[neoground](https://github.com/neoground) for the [neowx-material skin](https://github.com/neoground/neowx-material). Both are amazing skins and gave me a basic understanding of creating a weewx skin.

The config, NOAA Reports and some templating ideas and concepts are based on the orignal Standard and Seasons
weewx skins by Tom Keffer and the weewx contributors.
